#labels Featured
== Disclaimer ==

This project is under the GPL licence, this means that the sourcecode should *always* be made available to anyone asking for it and should be included with any modified binaries.

You might want to compile the sourcecode yourself from current [http://code.google.com/p/genplus-gx/source/checkout SVN] for various reasons:

 * to test the current build before it is officially released
 * to implement your own features.

However, I would appreciate if you respect the following points:

 * current SVN build should always be considered as unstable and work in progress: you are free to compile the current source code but don't complain about bugs and don't make any public binary distribution from this. You can always get the last stable code from the tagged versions.


 * you can modify the sourcecode as you want but in order to keep this project clean and structured, I would ask you to keep ANY private build for yourself and to avoid public distribution of derivative works. If you think the modification you made should be implemented in an official release, please contact me: I would eventually include them and obviously give all the credits to you.


== How to Compile ? ==

You will need to be familiar with development environment setup. If you don't, you might look at [http://www.wiibrew.org wiibrew] or [http://www.tehskeen.com/forums/showthread.php?t=2968 this thread] at tehskeen's forum.

You will have to download and install the following tools/libraries:

 # the last version of Devkitpro and [https://sourceforge.net/project/showfiles.php?group_id=114505&package_id=124208 DevkitPPC]. Windows user should directly run the [https://sourceforge.net/project/showfiles.php?group_id=114505&package_id=160396 AutoInstaller] version.
 # the precompiled libogc directory from the [http://code.google.com/p/genplus-gx/downloads/list download page]. This should be installed in C:/devkitpro/libogc. 

Once you are done, grab the current [http://code.google.com/p/genplus-gx/source/checkout genplus-gx] source code from SVN then launch compile_all.bat or compile it from *msys* (installed with devkitpro)

The precompiled libogc directory contains all libraries and include files required to compile the current source code of Genesis Plus GX. However, you could also get current sourcecode of the libraries, compile them yourself and install as specified (generally *make* then *make install*). Please not that the libfat library need to be patched to allow faster SD reads (sourcecode available on requests).

The following libraries are required:

 * [https://sourceforge.net/project/showfiles.php?group_id=114505&package_id=126925 libogc], from his [http://devkitpro.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/devkitpro/trunk/libogc/ SVN repository] 
 * [https://sourceforge.net/project/showfiles.php?group_id=114505&package_id=197264 libfat], from his [http://devkitpro.svn.sourceforge.net/viewvc/devkitpro/trunk/libfat/ SVN repository]
 * libtremor: OGG music file playback
 * libpng: PNG image file support