#summary Frequently Asked Questions.
#labels Featured
----
==== _The emulator does not start and hangs on a black screen when loaded on my Wii._ ====

Use the Homebrew Channel to launch this program on your Wii, using the provided meta.xml file. If you installed it as a standalone channel or are using a different loader, you might have modified or deleted required system files (IOS), which could prevent the application from starting.
----
==== _When I try to load ROM files from my SD card or USB drive, no files are found or an error message occurs._ ====

Make sure you have at least one FAT (FAT16 or FAT32) partition on your device.
----
==== _My USB2 compatible drive does not seem to be detected, is that normal ?_ ====

USB2 compatibility requires IOS58 to be installed in your system (it usually came with recent System Menu updates). You must also make sure the Homebrew Channel is using this IOS (reinstall HBC if it doesn't) and you are using the provided meta.xml to load the emulator.
----
==== _I can not load ROM files from the DVD, an error message occurs saying it can not be mounted or no valid DVD was found._ ====

First, make sure the DVD has been formatted in the expected format (ISO9960/Joliet). Then, your console must be able to read burned DVD: on a non-chipped Wii, you should use the Homebrew Channel and the provided meta.xml file, which enables full access to the DVD drive, without requiring a modchip.
----

==== _Well, I can access my device but I can't see all my ROM files, what is happening ?_ ====

Because of memory limitations, the emulator can only list up to 1000 ROM files per directory. This should be more than enough for anybody but if you have a larger ROM "collection", it is highly advised to arrange your files within subdirectories, which also increase the speed and the usability of the ROM browser.
----

==== _When I load a ROM, nothing happen. I can return to the emulator menu but the game does not play or make the emulator crash._ ====

You probably tried to load an unsupported ROM file. The emulator only supports valid Genesis or Mega Drive binary (.bin, .gen, .md, .smd) or compressed (.zip) ROM files. Be careful that only one file per .zip archive is supported and .7z files are not supported. Lastly, make sure you are only using GOOD dumps, generally labeled as [!]. Bad dumps, hacked or fixed ROM files are subject to crash, even on real hardware, just get ride of them.
----

==== _I can hear the sound of the game I loaded but nothing is displayed but a black or distorted screen._ ====

You are using invalid video settings. Try deleting the configuration file (config.ini) and restart the emulator. If that does not help, try changing the following options, Display and TV Mode, and see if that fixes the issue.
----

==== _How can I use my Classic Controller, Nunchuk, etc ? It is connected to my Wii Remote but it does not respond in games._ ====

You must first configure the type of controller you want to use for each player. Go to controller settings, pick one of the player and change the affected device. Don't forget to change it back if you disconnect the expansion controller.
----

==== _My second Wii remote controller is not detected by the emulator. How can i play 2 players games ?_ ====

Any additional Wii remote must be permanently registered in your Wii system settings, otherwise it cannot be detected by homebrew applications. Go back to the Wii system menu and register each Wii remote using the red SYNC buttons, as explained in your Wii user manual.
----

==== _I'm trying to use ??? feature and have put all the required files as described in the User Manual but it doesn't seem to work. What am I doing wrong ?_ ====

Make sure you disable the "Hide Known Extension" feature in your OS then verify again if the required files have the proper name and extension.
----

==== _How can I play 32X, Mega CD, Master System,... games in this emulator ?_ ====

You can't. This program currently only emulates Genesis & Mega Drive hardware. Other system might be added in the future but it's actually not high priority.
----

==== _Hey, I have a very original idea. What about adding a cool feature like (insert anything) ? I think the emulator cannot be perfect without that feature_. ====

You can always make an enhancement request in the Issue page on this site. However, if something has not been implemented yet, it has very likely a good reason not to be. Some stuff need time to work on, while others are simply no interest to me. As a general rule, I prefer focusing myself on the emulation core rather than features only designed to make the emulator interface "cooler" or "easier" to use.
----